How does a specific question determine the answer you get to that question? 

One image can trigger multiple questions or readings. The reading of an image changes depending on what you are trying to get, learn, or extract from that image. 

Can we understand something without making an image of it? 

Can an image actually help us understand something, especially with no context?

How can we borrow the approach of the “microscopic view” and apply it to a social context? Can we have a “microscopic view” on social events happening around us?

Am I seeing this? Am I meant to see this?

Can we make microscopic images that are emotional? 

Are there reasons to do that?

How does a change of scale change our interpretation of something? 

Do you understand the scale of yourself? 

Do looking at these images change anything about your daily life, or about how you normally see things? 

Do you need to know what this is? Why is it important to know what it is? Is it important? 

Each scale includes and excludes information. 

How do you decide which information to pay attention to and what information to “ignore?”

How does seeing something out of its normal context or at a different scale induce an analysis that is not intended? 

How does science benefit by looking at an image from an artistic perspective? 

Is this art? 

How does the information or communicability of an image feel aesthetic? What types of information can an aesthetic image carry? 

Can information be beautiful? 

What is a microscopic view? 

Has does human language emerge from the ways we see the world?

How do societal structures and institutions influence the way we see images?

How do we choose where to look, or what to look at?  

Why are some things more visually interesting than others? 

Does our curiosity justify our gaze? 

How do different technologies affect the ways that we see? 

How do news ways of seeing (or imagining seeing) lead to new technologies?

Do imaging technologies give us an awareness of non-human ways of seeing?
